README.md, before:

# Amin-Mohammadi-EducationHorizonsGroup

Image Generator

```diff
- Notes
+ commands
! Contacts
@@ text in purple (and bold)@@


This program is developed in React.js, Node.js and TypeScript.
Styled with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS). NO NEED FOR SCSS.
Bundled with Babel and Webpack. devDependencies are available in package.json.

To run this project you need Node.js version 14+ (Node.js 16.8.0 is preferred).
Yarn version v1.22.10

After cloning the project you can run the project by following steps:

1-Please direct your command prompt/terminal/Git BASH to the project folder.
-(please make sure your command prompt/terminal/Gut BASH is directed at the project folder where you can find the package.json.)

2-To install the dependencies Run:
+ (yarn install) command.

@@ To run in production mode @@
3-First we have to build the project using:
+ (yarn build) command.
3.1-Then after the build is finished you can start the local server using 
+ (yarn start) command.
4-Open your browser and type http://localhost:3000/ in your browsers address line.

@@ To run in development mode @@
3-To build the development bundle please run:
+ (yarn watch) command.

3.1-Then after the build is finished you can start the local server using 
+ (yarn dev) command.
4-Open your browser and type http://localhost:3000/ in your browsers address line.

@@ To run unit testing @@
- (No need to bundle the project)
3-Please run:
+ (yarn test) command.

In case of any issues do not hesitate to contact me on my email: 
! mmoh2718@uni.sydney.edu.au
! mohammadaminm30@gmail.com

Thank you for paying me any attention.

All the bests
```

Commit message:

Browser version checked and limited.
bundle size changed by 400k.

README.md, after:

# Amin-Mohammadi-EducationHorizonsGroup

Image Generator

```diff
- Notes
+ commands
! Contacts
@@ text in purple (and bold)@@


This program is developed in React.js, Node.js and TypeScript.

Styled with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS). NO NEED FOR SCSS.

Bundled with Babel and Webpack. devDependencies and public dependencies are available in package.json.

- Browser support is limited by market share percentage and discontinued as not ie 11, not op_mini all to reduce the bundle size.

To run this project you need Node.js version 14+ (Node.js 16.8.0 is preferred).
Yarn version v1.22.10

After cloning the project you can run the project by following steps:

1-Please direct your command prompt/terminal/Git BASH to the project folder.
-(please make sure your command prompt/terminal/Gut BASH is directed at the project folder where you can find the package.json.)

2-To install the dependencies Run:
+ (yarn install) command.

@@ To run in production mode @@
3-First we have to build the project using:
+ (yarn build) command.
3.1-Then after the build is finished you can start the local server using 
+ (yarn start) command.
4-Open your browser and type http://localhost:3000/ in your browsers address line.

@@ To run in development mode @@
3-To build the development bundle please run:
+ (yarn watch) command.

3.1-Then after the build is finished you can start the local server using 
+ (yarn dev) command.
4-Open your browser and type http://localhost:3000/ in your browsers address line.

@@ To run unit testing @@
- (No need to bundle the project)
3-Please run:
+ (yarn test) command.

In case of any issues do not hesitate to contact me on my email: 
! mmoh2718@uni.sydney.edu.au
! mohammadaminm30@gmail.com

Thank you for paying me any attention.

All the bests
```
